fix: update 3-networks readme to template (#437)
terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation: 3-networks/README.md

<table>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td><a
href="https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/tree/master/0-bootstrap">0-bootstrap</a></td>
<td>Bootstraps a Google Cloud organization, creating all the required resources
and permissions to start using the Cloud Foundation Toolkit (CFT). This
step also configures a CI/CD pipeline for foundations code in subsequent
stages.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a
href="https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/tree/master/1-org">1-org</a></td>
<td>Sets up top level shared folders, monitoring and networking projects, and
organization-level logging, and sets baseline security settings through
organizational policy.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a
href="https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/tree/master/2-environments">2-environments</a></td>
<td>Sets up development, non-production, and production environments within the
Google Cloud organization that you've created.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>3-networks (this file)</td>
<td>Sets up base and restricted shared VPCs with default DNS, NAT (optional),
Private Service networking, VPC service controls, Dedicated or Partner

> Interconnect, and baseline firewall rules for each environment. Also sets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interconnect, and baseline firewall rules for each environment. It also sets
```

up the global DNS hub.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a
href="https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/tree/master/4-projects">4-projects</a></td>

> <td>Set up a folder structure, projects, and application infrastructure pipeline for applications,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>Sets up a folder structure, projects, and application infrastructure pipeline for applications,
```

### Using Dedicated Interconnect

> If you have the prerequisites listed in the [Dedicated Interconnect README](./modules/dedicated_interconnect/README.md), follow these steps to enable Dedicated Interconnect to access on-premises resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you provisioned the prerequisites listed in the [Dedicated Interconnect README](./modules/dedicated_interconnect/README.md), follow these steps to enable Dedicated Interconnect to access on-premises resources.
```

1. Rename `interconnect.tf.example` to `interconnect.tf` in each environment folder in `3-networks/envs/<ENV>`.
1. Update the file `interconnect.tf` with values that are valid for your environment for the interconnects, locations, candidate subnetworks, vlan_tag8021q and peer info.
1. The candidate subnetworks and vlan_tag8021q variables can be set to `null` to allow the interconnect module to auto generate these values.

### Using Partner Interconnect

> If you have the prerequisites listed in the [Partner Interconnect README](./modules/partner_interconnect/README.md) follow this steps to enable Partner Interconnect to access on-premises resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you provisioned the prerequisites listed in the [Partner Interconnect README](./modules/partner_interconnect/README.md) follow this steps to enable Partner Interconnect to access on-premises resources.
```

1. Rename `partner_interconnect.tf.example` to `partner_interconnect.tf` and `interconnect.auto.tfvars.example` to `interconnect.auto.tfvars` in the environment folder in `3-networks/envs/<environment>` .

> 1. Update the file `partner_interconnect.tf` with values that are valid for your environment for the VLAN attachments, locations, candidate subnetworks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update the file `partner_interconnect.tf` with values that are valid for your environment for the VLAN attachments, locations, and candidate subnetworks.
```

   ```
   echo '<YOUR-PRESHARED-KEY-SECRET>' | gcloud secrets create <VPN_RESTRICTED_PSK_SECRET_NAME> --project <ENV_SECRETS_PROJECT> --replication-policy=automatic --data-file=-
   ```
1. In the file `vpn.tf`, update the values for `environment`, `vpn_psk_secret_name`, `on_prem_router_ip_address1`, `on_prem_router_ip_address2` and `bgp_peer_asn`.
1. Verify other default values are valid for your environment.

### Deploying with Jenkins

1. Clone the repo you created manually in 0-bootstrap.
   ```
   git clone <YOUR_NEW_REPO-3-networks>
   ```
1. Navigate into the repo and change to a non-production branch.
   ```
   cd YOUR_NEW_REPO_CLONE-3-networks
   git checkout -b plan
   ```
1. Copy contents of foundation to new repo.
   ```
   cp -RT ../terraform-example-foundation/3-networks/ .
   ```
1. Copy the Jenkinsfile script to the root of your new repository.
   ```
   cp ../terraform-example-foundation/build/Jenkinsfile .
   ```
1. Update the variables located in the `environment {}` section of the `Jenkinsfile` with values from your environment:
    ```
    _TF_SA_EMAIL
    _STATE_BUCKET_NAME
    _PROJECT_ID (the cicd project id)
    ```

> 1. Copy terraform wrapper script to the root of your new repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy Terraform wrapper script to the root of your new repository.
```

   ```
   cp ../terraform-example-foundation/build/tf-wrapper.sh .
   ```
1. Ensure wrapper script can be executed.
   ```
   chmod 755 ./tf-wrapper.sh
   ```
1. Rename `common.auto.example.tfvars` to `common.auto.tfvars` and update the file with values from your environment and bootstrap. See any of the envs folder [README.md](./envs/production/README.md) files for additional information on the values in the `common.auto.tfvars` file.
1. Rename `shared.auto.example.tfvars` to `shared.auto.tfvars` and update the file with the `target_name_server_addresses`.
1. Rename `access_context.auto.example.tfvars` to `access_context.auto.tfvars` and update the file with the `access_context_manager_policy_id`.
1. Commit changes.
   ```
   git add .
   git commit -m 'Your message'
   ```

> 1. You must manually plan and apply the `shared` environment (only once) since development, non-production and production depend on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You must manually plan and apply the `shared` environment (only once) since the `development`, `non-production` and `production` environments depend on it.
```

    1. Run `cd ./envs/shared/`.

>     1. Update backend.tf with your bucket name from the bootstrap step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Update `backend.tf` with your bucket name from the bootstrap step.
```

    1. Run `terraform init`.
    1. Run `terraform plan` and review output.
    1. Run `terraform apply`.

>     1. If you would like the bucket to be replaced by cloud build at run time, change the bucket name back to `UPDATE_ME`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. If you would like the bucket to be replaced by Cloud Build at run time, change the bucket name back to `UPDATE_ME`.
```

   ```
    git push --set-upstream origin plan
    ```
    - Assuming you configured an automatic trigger in your Jenkins Master (see [Jenkins sub-module README](../0-bootstrap/modules/jenkins-agent)), this will trigger a plan. You can also trigger a Jenkins job manually. Given the many options to do this in Jenkins, it is out of the scope of this document see [Jenkins website](http://www.jenkins.io) for more details.
1. Review the plan output in your Master's web UI.
1. Merge changes to production branch.
   ```
   git checkout -b production
   git push origin production
   ```
1. Review the apply output in your Master's web UI (You might want to use the option to "Scan Multibranch Pipeline Now" in your Jenkins Master UI).
1. After production has been applied, apply development and non-production.
1. Merge changes to development
   ```
   git checkout -b development
   git push origin development
   ```
1. Review the apply output in your Master's web UI (You might want to use the option to "Scan Multibranch Pipeline Now" in your Jenkins Master UI).
1. Merge changes to non-production.
   ```
   git checkout -b non-production
   git push origin non-production
   ```

> 1. Review the apply output in your Master's web UI (You might want to use the option to "Scan Multibranch Pipeline Now" in your Jenkins Master UI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Review the apply output in your Master's web UI (you might want to use the option to "Scan Multibranch Pipeline Now" in your Jenkins Master UI).
```

1. You can now move to the instructions in the step [4-projects](../4-projects/README.md).

> ### Deplying with Cloud Build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deploying with Cloud Build
```

1. Clone repo.
   ```
   gcloud source repos clone gcp-networks --project=YOUR_CLOUD_BUILD_PROJECT_ID
   ```
1. Change to the freshly cloned repo and change to non-master branch.
   ```
   git checkout -b plan
   ```
1. Copy contents of foundation to new repo.
   ```
   cp -RT ../terraform-example-foundation/3-networks/ .
   ```

> 1. Copy cloud build configuration files for Terraform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy Cloud Build configuration files for Terraform.
```

   ```
   cp ../terraform-example-foundation/build/cloudbuild-tf-* .
   ```

> 1. Copy terraform wrapper script to the root of your new repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy Terraform wrapper script to the root of your new repository.
```

   ```
   cp ../terraform-example-foundation/build/tf-wrapper.sh .
   ```
1. Ensure wrapper script can be executed.
   ```
   chmod 755 ./tf-wrapper.sh
   ```
1. Rename `common.auto.example.tfvars` to `common.auto.tfvars` and update the file with values from your environment and bootstrap. See any of the envs folder [README.md](./envs/production/README.md) files for additional information on the values in the `common.auto.tfvars` file.

> 1. Rename `shared.auto.example.tfvars` to `shared.auto.tfvars` and update the file with the target_name_server_addresses (the list of target name servers for the DNS forwarding zone in the DNS Hub).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Rename `shared.auto.example.tfvars` to `shared.auto.tfvars` and update the file with the `target_name_server_addresses` (the list of target name servers for the DNS forwarding zone in the DNS Hub).
```

1. Rename `access_context.auto.example.tfvars` to `access_context.auto.tfvars` and update the file with the `access_context_manager_policy_id`.
1. Commit changes
   ```
   git add .
   git commit -m 'Your message'
   ```

> 1. You need to manually plan and apply only once the `shared` environment since `development`, `non-production` and `production` depend on it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. You need to manually plan and apply only once the `shared` environment since `development`, `non-production`, and `production` depend on it.
```

> 1. You need to manually plan and apply only once the `shared` environment since `development`, `non-production` and `production` depend on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You must manually plan and apply the `shared` environment (only once) since the `development`, `non-production` and `production` environments depend on it.
```

    1. Run `cd ./envs/shared/`.
    1. Update `backend.tf` with your bucket name from the bootstrap step.
    1. Run `terraform init`.
    1. Run `terraform plan` and review output.
    1. Run `terraform apply`.

>     1. If you would like the bucket to be replaced by cloud build at run time, change the bucket name back to `UPDATE_ME`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. If you would like the bucket to be replaced by Cloud Build at run time, change the bucket name back to `UPDATE_ME`.
```

1. Push your plan branch to trigger a plan.
   ```
   git push --set-upstream origin plan
   ```

> 1. Review the plan output in your cloud build project https://console.cloud.google.com/cloud-build/builds?project=YOUR_CLOUD_BUILD_PROJECT_ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Review the plan output in your Cloud Build project https://console.cloud.google.com/cloud-build/builds?project=YOUR_CLOUD_BUILD_PROJECT_ID
```

1. Merge changes to production.
   ```
   git checkout -b production
   git push origin production
   ```

> 1. Review the apply output in your cloud build project https://console.cloud.google.com/cloud-build/builds?project=YOUR_CLOUD_BUILD_PROJECT_ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Review the apply output in your Cloud Build project https://console.cloud.google.com/cloud-build/builds?project=YOUR_CLOUD_BUILD_PROJECT_ID
```

1. After production has been applied, apply development and non-production.
1. Merge changes to development.
   ```
   git checkout -b development
   git push origin development
   ```

> 1. Review the apply output in your cloud build project https://console.cloud.google.com/cloud-build/builds?project=YOUR_CLOUD_BUILD_PROJECT_ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Review the apply output in your Cloud Build project https://console.cloud.google.com/cloud-build/builds?project=YOUR_CLOUD_BUILD_PROJECT_ID
```

1. Merge changes to non-production.
   ```
   git checkout -b non-production
   git push origin non-production
   ```

> 1. Review the apply output in your cloud build project https://console.cloud.google.com/cloud-build/builds?project=YOUR_CLOUD_BUILD_PROJECT_ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Review the apply output in your Cloud Build project https://console.cloud.google.com/cloud-build/builds?project=YOUR_CLOUD_BUILD_PROJECT_ID
```

### Run Terraform locally

1. Change into the 3-networks folder.
1. Run `cp ../build/tf-wrapper.sh .`
1. Run `chmod 755 ./tf-wrapper.sh`.
1. Rename `common.auto.example.tfvars` to `common.auto.tfvars` and update the file with values from your environment and bootstrap. See any of the envs folder [README.md](./envs/production/README.md) files for additional information on the values in the `common.auto.tfvars` file.
1. Rename `shared.auto.example.tfvars` to `shared.auto.tfvars` and update the file with the `target_name_server_addresses`.
1. Rename `access_context.auto.example.tfvars` to `access_context.auto.tfvars` and update the file with the `access_context_manager_policy_id`.

> 1. Update `backend.tf` with your bucket from bootstrap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update `backend.tf` with your bucket name from the bootstrap step.
```

   ```
   for i in `find -name 'backend.tf'`; do sed -i 's/UPDATE_ME/<YOUR-BUCKET-NAME>/' $i; done
   ```
   You can run `terraform output gcs_bucket_tfstate` in the 0-bootstrap folder to obtain the bucket name.

We will now deploy each of our environments(development/production/non-production) using this script.
When using Cloud Build or Jenkins as your CI/CD tool each environment corresponds to a branch in the repository for 3-networks step
and only the corresponding environment is applied.

> To use the `validate` option of the `tf-wrapper.sh` script, the latest version of `terraform-validator` must be [installed](https://github.com/forseti-security/policy-library/blob/master/docs/user_guide.md#how-to-use-terraform-validator) in your system and in you `PATH`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use the `validate` option of the `tf-wrapper.sh` script, the latest version of `terraform-validator` must be [installed](https://github.com/forseti-security/policy-library/blob/master/docs/user_guide.md#how-to-use-terraform-validator) in your system and in your `PATH`.
```

> To use the `validate` option of the `tf-wrapper.sh` script, the latest version of `terraform-validator` must be [installed](https://github.com/forseti-security/policy-library/blob/master/docs/user_guide.md#how-to-use-terraform-validator) in your system and in you `PATH`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the `validate` option of the `tf-wrapper.sh` script, the latest version of `terraform-validator` must be [installed](https://github.com/forseti-security/policy-library/blob/master/docs/user_guide.md#how-to-use-terraform-validator) in your system and in your `PATH`.
```
